Docs: Add alternative for conda env activation in submission script (#5950)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/howto/run_codes.rst

        prepend_text: conda activate environment-name

    Note that the configuration is not complete but only shows the relevant lines.
    For the `conda activate` statement to work, it needs to be properly initialized in the shell in which the job is executed.

    This can be achieved by configuring the ``shebang`` property of the ``Computer`` to ``#!/bin/bash -l``.
    This ensures that the submission script uses a login shell which initializes conda properly.

>     If for some reason your submission script cannot use a login script, the following ``prepend_text`` can be used instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the submission script should not use a login shell (e.g. because that sources other dotfiles that are unnecessary), the following ``prepend_text`` can be used instead:
```
